Add v1.22 release notes (#2721)
SAP/luigi: blog/2022-05-20-release-notes.md

---
title: Luigi v1.22.0
seoMetaDescription: Release notes for Luigi v1.22.0
author:
  - Aleksandra Simeonova
layout: blog
---

You can read about the new features in Luigi v1.22.0 in the release notes below.

<!-- Excerpt -->

#### Update to Fundamental Styles v0.23.0

> With the new release, we updated Luigi Core to version 0.23.0 of Fundamental Styles. You can read about all changes on the [Fundamental Library Styles page](https://blogs.sap.com/2022/04/14/fundamental-library-styles-update/). You can also review the Luigi changes [here](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/pull/2698). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the new release, we updated Luigi Core to version 0.23.0 of Fundamental Styles. You can read about all changes in the [release notes](https://github.com/SAP/fundamental-styles/releases/tag/v0.23.0). This update brought breaking changes and described in the
 [Fundamental Library blog post](https://blogs.sap.com/2022/04/14/fundamental-library-styles-update/). You can also review the Luigi changes [here](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/pull/2698). 
```
